AL jaz's Wild visited the NASA medical
complex in canun and he filed this
report this Obstetrics and Gynecology
Department in Naser medical complex has
been targeted and penetrated by Israeli
shells as you can see on that bed was a
woman who had her leg amputated after an
attack in another area in Han Yunis the
shell hit her directly in her head and
killed her immediately it did not
explode if it had it would have caused a
real massacre
here this is the second time the
hospital has been hit by a shell that
didn't
explode the first fell early this
morning in one of the hospitals
Courtyards where displaced people
shelter in a large number of tents two
people were
injured this is the children's section
the children were sleeping in their
places including a little girl Dona the
shell penetrated the ceiling and
directly hid her parts of her head and
blood are splattered on the wall as you
can see it's a brutal crime this little
girl had her legs amputated and her
family were killed when their house was
bombed not long ago finally she lost her
life the enemy killed Dona and killed
all her hopes the enemy didn't send us
any warning or evacuation order the
enemy didn't say anything before
shelling our department it's a message
to us that we will always be under the
thr threat of being shelled and
bombarded anytime any day Don and the
other innocent children did nothing to
be killed the civilian displaced people
in these tents did nothing to be
attacked and killed and get injured
Israel's military might be intent on
committing other massacres in this
hospital and knocking out this Health
institution it doesn't want any medical
service to be offered to our dead and
wounded people in the entire Gaza Strip
then who a scenario it is almost the
same old scenario used previously by the
Israeli occupation forces in alifa
medical complex the same method has been
used before at the Obstetrics and
Gynecology Department in alifa medical
complex prior to putting the whole
complex under a Siege could this be the
start of imposing a total Siege on the
hospital before storming it the coming
few hours and days give us the
answer